Revise benchmarks doc (#16)
scalar-labs/scalardb-benchmarks: docs/README.md

> # ScalarDB Benchmarks

Author: Currently, the title can be read in a way that users might expect that the document describes benchmarking we've done rather than showing users how to run benchmarks.

How about we change this title as follows?

```suggestion
# ScalarDB Benchmarking Tools
```

> This tutorial describes how to set up and run benchmarking tools for ScalarDB.

Author: I'd like to mention the significance of benchmarking here. How about we add something like the following?:

```suggestion
This tutorial describes how to run benchmarking tools for ScalarDB. Database benchmarking is helpful for evaluating how databases perform against a set of standards.
```

> ## Available workloads

Author: Should this heading be as follows instead?:

```suggestion
## Available benchmarks
```

Reviewer: How about `benchmark workloads`? It seems a bit more clearer to me.

Author: That sounds good! Thank you!

- TPC-C
- Yahoo! Cloud Serving Benchmark (YCSB) (Workloads A, C, and F)
- Multi-storage YCSB (Workloads C and F)
  - This YCSB variant is for a multi-storage environment that uses ScalarDB.
  - Workers in a multi-storage YCSB execute the same number of read and write operations in two namespaces: `ycsb_primary` and `ycsb_secondary`.

## Prerequisites

- One of the following Java Development Kits (JDKs):
  - [Oracle JDK](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/downloads/) LTS version 8
  - [OpenJDK](https://openjdk.org/install/) LTS version 8
- Gradle
- [Kelpie](https://github.com/scalar-labs/kelpie)
  - Kelpie is a framework for performing end-to-end testing, such as system benchmarking and verification. Get the latest version from [Kelpie Releases](https://github.com/scalar-labs/kelpie), and unzip the archive file.

{% capture notice--info %}
**Note**

Currently, only JDK 8 can be used when running the benchmarking tools.
{% endcapture %}

> <div class="notice--info">{{ notice--info | markdownify }}</div>

Author: As discussed with @jnmt, the benchmarking tools only seem to run on JDK 8, which is why I've added this note.

Reviewer: [off topic] It reminds me of https://github.com/scalar-labs/kelpie/issues/29. I hope I have time to fix it in the future...

## Set up your environment

The benchmarking tools require the following:

- A client to run the benchmarking tools
- A target database

>   - For a list of databases that ScalarDB supports, see [Supported Databases](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/blob/master/docs/scalardb-supported-databases.md).

Author: I think the following bullet points would be better under the `## Prerequisites` section. 

Would that be OK? Or do we need to add more information to this section?

## Set up the benchmarking tools

The following sections describe how to set up the benchmarking tools.

### Clone the ScalarDB benchmarks repository

Open **Terminal**, then clone the ScalarDB benchmarks repository by running the following command:

```console
$ git clone https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb-benchmarks
```

Then, go to the directory that contains the benchmarking files by running the following command:

```console
$ cd scalardb-benchmarks
```

### Build the tools

To build the benchmarking tools, run the following command:

```console
$ ./gradlew shadowJar
```

> ### Create tables

Author: For consistency with other [tutorials](https://scalardb.scalar-labs.com/docs/latest/scalardb-samples/scalardb-sample/README/#load-the-schema), can we change the heading `Create tables` to `Load the schema`?

```console
$ /<PATH_TO_KELPIE>/bin/kelpie --config ycsb-benchmark-config.toml
```
</div>
<div id="multi-storage_YCSB_2" class="tabcontent" markdown="1">

To run the multi-storage YCSB benchmark, run the following command, replacing `<PATH_TO_KELPIE>` with the path to the Kelpie directory:

```console
$ /<PATH_TO_KELPIE>/bin/kelpie --config ycsb-multi-storage-benchmark-config.toml
```
</div>
</div>

In addition, the following options are available:

- `--only-pre`. Only loads the data.
- `--only-process`. Only runs the benchmark.
- `--except-pre` Runs a job without loading the data.
- `--except-process`. Runs a job without running the benchmark.

## Common parameters

| Name           | Description                                             | Default |
|:---------------|:--------------------------------------------------------|:--------|
| `concurrency`  | Number of threads for benchmarking.                     | 1       |
| `run_for_sec`  | Duration of benchmark (in seconds).                     | 60      |
| `ramp_for_sec` | Duration of ramp-up time before benchmark (in seconds). | 0       |

## Workload-specific parameters

> Select a workload to see its available parameters.

Author: Should this sentence be as follows instead?:

```suggestion
Select a benchmark to see its available workload parameters.
```

| `load_start_warehouse` | Start ID of loading warehouse. This option can be useful with `--skip-item-load` when loading large-scale data with multiple clients or adding additional warehouses. | 1       |
| `load_end_warehouse`   | End ID of loading warehouse. You can use either `--num-warehouses` or `--end-warehouse` to specify the number of loading warehouses.                                  | 1       |
| `skip_item_load`       | Whether or not to skip loading item table.                                                                                                                            | false   |
| `use_table_index`      | Whether or not to use a generic table-based secondary index instead of ScalarDB's secondary index.                                                                    | false   |
| `np_only`              | Run benchmark with only new-order and payment transactions (50% each).                                                                                                | false   |

> | `rate_new_order`       | Percentage of new-order transactions. Specify all the rate parameters to use your own mix.                                                                            | N/A     |
> | `rate_payment`         | Percentage of payment transactions. Specify all the rate parameters to use your own mix.                                                                              | N/A     |
> | `rate_order_status`    | Percentage of order-status transactions. Specify all the rate parameters to use your own mix.                                                                         | N/A     |
> | `rate_delivery`        | Percentage of delivery transactions. Specify all the rate parameters to use your own mix.                                                                             | N/A     |
> | `rate_stock_level`     | Percentage of stock-level transactions. Specify all the rate parameters to use your own mix.                                                                          | N/A     |

Author: Does `Specify all the rate parameters to use your own mix` mean the following?:

```suggestion
Specify this percentage based on your needs. The total of all rate parameters must be 100 percent.
```

Or if the total can be less than 100 percent:

```suggestion
Specify this percentage based on your needs. The total of all rate parameters must be 100 percent or less.
```

In addition, you need a properties file that contains database configurations for ScalarDB. For details about configuring the ScalarDB properties file, see [ScalarDB Configurations](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/blob/master/docs/configurations.md).

After applying the schema and configuring the properties file, select a benchmark and follow the instructions to create the tables.

<div id="tabset-1">
<div class="tab">
  <button class="tablinks" onclick="openTab(event, 'TPC-C_1', 'tabset-1')" id="defaultOpen-1">TPC-C</button>
  <button class="tablinks" onclick="openTab(event, 'YCSB_1', 'tabset-1')">YCSB</button>
  <button class="tablinks" onclick="openTab(event, 'multi-storage_YCSB_1', 'tabset-1')">Multi-storage YCSB</button>
</div>

<div id="TPC-C_1" class="tabcontent" markdown="1">

To create tables for TPC-C benchmarking ([`tpcc-schema.json`](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb-benchmarks/blob/master/tpcc-schema.json)), run the following command, replacing the contents in the angle brackets as described:

```console

> $ java -jar scalardb-schema-loader-<VERSION>.jar --config /<PATH_TO>/scalardb.properties -f tpcc-schema.json --coordinator

Reviewer: [minor] Users can specify an arbitrary properties file name, so probably just `--config <SCALARDB_PROPERTIES_FILE_PATH>` would be also okay.

Reviewer 2: Right. Also, I noticed that if users prepare and use a ScalarDB property file here, it's easy and straightforward to specify the file in the benchmark configuration file. So, specifying the property file as default like the following might be better. Josh, what do you think?

```
[database_config]
config_file = "/<PATH_TO>/scalardb.properties"
#contact_points = "localhost"
#contact_port = 9042
#username = "cassandra"
#password = "cassandra"
#storage = "cassandra"
```

Author: @komamitsu Good catch! Since the properties file will depend on what the user has named the file, your suggestion makes sense. I've applied it here and in other parts of this document.

@jnmt I think moving that line to the top would be a good idea. When I set this up in my environment, I wondered if using the properties file was the preferred method since I imagine it would be easier than checking my database configurations under the `[database_config]` section.

For consistency, how about we also move the path to the ScalarDB properties file to the top of the `[database_config]` section in the the three **.toml** files?

Reviewer 2: @josh-wong That's a good idea, and I appreciate it if you could do it.

Author: @jnmt No problem! I've updated the three **.toml** files. PTAL!

```console
$ java -jar scalardb-schema-loader-<VERSION>.jar --config <PATH_TO_SCALARDB_PROPERTIES_FILE> -f ycsb-multi-storage-schema.json --coordinator
```
</div>
</div>

### Prepare a benchmarking configuration file

To run a benchmark, you must first prepare a benchmarking configuration file. The configuration file requires at least the locations of the workload modules to run and the database configuration. 

The following is an example configuration for running the TPC-C benchmark. The ScalarDB properties file specified for `config_file` should be the properties file for the [benchmarking environment that you previously set up](#set-up-your-environment).

{% capture notice--info %}
**Note**

Alternatively, instead of using the ScalarDB properties file, you can specify each database configuration item in the `.toml` file. If `config_file` is specified, all other configurations under `[database_config]` will be ignored even if they are uncommented.

> {% endcapture %}

Author: @jnmt Based on the changes discussed in [another comment](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb-benchmarks/pull/16#discussion_r1387618272), I revised these two parts. PTAL!

<div class="notice--info">{{ notice--info | markdownify }}</div>

```toml
[modules]
[modules.preprocessor]
name = "com.scalar.db.benchmarks.tpcc.TpccLoader"
path = "./build/libs/scalardb-benchmarks-all.jar"
[modules.processor]
name = "com.scalar.db.benchmarks.tpcc.TpccBench"
path = "./build/libs/scalardb-benchmarks-all.jar"
[modules.postprocessor]
name = "com.scalar.db.benchmarks.tpcc.TpccReporter"
path = "./build/libs/scalardb-benchmarks-all.jar"

[database_config]
contact_points = "localhost"
contact_port = 9042
username = "cassandra"
password = "cassandra"
storage = "cassandra"
#config_file = "/<PATH_TO>/scalardb.properties"
```

> You can define static parameters to pass to modules in the configuration file. For details, see the sample configuration files below and available parameters in [Common parameters](#common-parameters):

Reviewer: > You can define static parameters

I wonder what this "`static` parameters" means. It would be great if we make it clearer 🙇

Reviewer 2: I don't remember well, but I guess I just followed the [Kelpie document](https://github.com/scalar-labs/kelpie). I think we can say just `parameters` here.

| `load_start_warehouse` | Start ID of loading warehouse. This option can be useful with `--skip-item-load` when loading large-scale data with multiple clients or adding additional warehouses. | `1`       |
| `load_end_warehouse`   | End ID of loading warehouse. You can use either `--num-warehouses` or `--end-warehouse` to specify the number of loading warehouses.                                  | `1`       |
| `skip_item_load`       | Whether or not to skip loading item table.                                                                                                                            | `false`   |
| `use_table_index`      | Whether or not to use a generic table-based secondary index instead of ScalarDB's secondary index.                                                                    | `false`   |
| `np_only`              | Run benchmark with only new-order and payment transactions (50% each).                                                                                                | `false`   |

> | `rate_new_order`       | Percentage of new-order transactions. Specify all the rate parameters to use your own mix.                                                                            | N/A       |
> | `rate_payment`         | Percentage of payment transactions. Specify all the rate parameters to use your own mix.                                                                              | N/A       |
> | `rate_order_status`    | Percentage of order-status transactions. Specify all the rate parameters to use your own mix.                                                                         | N/A       |
> | `rate_delivery`        | Percentage of delivery transactions. Specify all the rate parameters to use your own mix.                                                                             | N/A       |
> | `rate_stock_level`     | Percentage of stock-level transactions. Specify all the rate parameters to use your own mix.                                                                          | N/A       |

Author: Does `Specify all the rate parameters to use your own mix` mean the following?:

```suggestion
| `rate_new_order`       | Percentage of new-order transactions. Specify this percentage based on your needs. The total of all rate parameters must be 100 percent.                                                                            | N/A       |
| `rate_payment`         | Percentage of payment transactions. Specify this percentage based on your needs. The total of all rate parameters must be 100 percent.                                                                              | N/A       |
| `rate_order_status`    | Percentage of order-status transactions. Specify this percentage based on your needs. The total of all rate parameters must be 100 percent.                                                                         | N/A       |
| `rate_delivery`        | Percentage of delivery transactions. Specify this percentage based on your needs. The total of all rate parameters must be 100 percent.                                                                             | N/A       |
| `rate_stock_level`     | Percentage of stock-level transactions. Specify this percentage based on your needs. The total of all rate parameters must be 100 percent.                                                                          | N/A       |
```

Or if the total can be less than 100 percent, maybe the following is better?:

```suggestion
| `rate_new_order`       | Percentage of new-order transactions. Specify this percentage based on your needs. The total of all rate parameters must be 100 percent or less.                                                                            | N/A       |
| `rate_payment`         | Percentage of payment transactions. Specify this percentage based on your needs. The total of all rate parameters must be 100 percent or less.                                                                              | N/A       |
| `rate_order_status`    | Percentage of order-status transactions. Specify this percentage based on your needs. The total of all rate parameters must be 100 percent or less.                                                                         | N/A       |
| `rate_delivery`        | Percentage of delivery transactions. Specify this percentage based on your needs. The total of all rate parameters must be 100 percent or less.                                                                             | N/A       |
| `rate_stock_level`     | Percentage of stock-level transactions. Specify this percentage based on your needs. The total of all rate parameters must be 100 percent or less.                                                                          | N/A       |
```

Reviewer 2: The former one is correct, but 'all' means that users must specify all rate_x parameters when one of them is specified. So, I think only the sentence `The total of all rate parameters must be 100 percent.` might lose that kind of perspective.

Reviewer 2: Great, perfect!
